---
layout: "../../../layouts/BlogPost.astro" #Constant
title: "2024, the year of the hackathon"
description: "A look back at my 2024, focusing on the growth that came with my involvement in hackathons and the community surrounding them."
pubDate: "Jan 01, 2025"
---
Nearly everything significant that happened to me this year can be traced back to a single decision that was made in August 2023. The decision to reboot my schools hackathon was a small snowball that grew and grew into so much more. From that one decision I:

- Met 3 of my best friends
- Made amazing connections with other hackathon attendees and organizers
- Attended, and won, at 4 different hackathons
- Got me an internship in San Francisco
  - Led to me meeting more amazing friends, CalHacks, startups

More importantly, it was the first time I put my all into something, giving no second thought to failure or how it might look. Idea to action was consistently a near instant loop when I was working on this and it felt amazing. 


Placeholding for now.

## Topics
- Hackathon stats
  - meeting friends there
- What I didn't accomplish 
  - Didn't work with Go
    - Realized no real point.
- NextJS still doesn't make sense
  - I still can't wrap my head around clean use of SSR. 

Grizzhacks was a snowball that led to everything great that happened to me over the last year. It led me to 3 of my best friends, a job which led me to even more friends and an amazing city.

Hackathon's gave me everything good last year. From hackathons I met 3 of my best friends. I met tons of amazing people, won a ton of cool shit, and got to travel places pretty much free of charge. My affiliation with hackathons also led me to an amazing company and amazing job in an amazing place. From that experiece

I think it's important to try really hard at one thing for a year. For this year that was hackathons. Next year I don't have any plans yet but I feel it's always necessary to have something greater than yourself that you work on. 


## Last years predictions
- Graduation (✔️)
- Build a full project with Go (❌)
  - Realized there is no real point...
- My first internet dollar (?)
  - I wanted this to be from a project I made an shipped to actual users. That didn't happen but I was still paid for some consulting work. Leaving this one as a maybe but still want to complete.
- Speak at a conference (?)
  - I spoke at a virtual workshop. While that technically counts I was looking for a bit of a bigger stage. TBD if I still care about this. this year. 
- Build a full project with Next (✔️)
  - [Changelog Creator](https://changelog-creator.vercel.app) was the largest of them. Still don't really understand it as much as I maybe should.

## Next year
Inspired by Mark Zuckerberg, I want to set a single goal for the year that I think will have massive benefits if compounded. I immediately think of wanting to talk to someone new every day for a year. 


- Spend months on a single project. Grow to 10k monthly users or $1k MRR.